# Transcript: MYTHIC CHARM Priority GUIDE | Season 4 | AFK Journey

Hello everyone and welcome back to another AFK journey video. So the global server is going to get all of the Dura Trials floors unlocked tomorrow at reset. And so in this video we're going to talk about using my viewers account from the VN server. What are the optimal heroes to be focusing your charms on for this first week of basically progress? because the VN server is one week ahead of us and I'm going to talk through them and talk about all the optimal basically heroes that you want to target in the first week rather than doing an entire tier list. I think this is better because it can help you focus on this first week one and then after this we can talk about like an actual tier list later down the line. So right now Shamira is going to be the number one hero. If you don't already have her charms, you want to get them and butcher charms are going to be the best ones for her as you see over here. But after Shamira, I think Ludovic should be the second hero that you try to get charms for. Inside charms are going to boost his damage and is going to increase your score in dream rom for quite a high amount in multiple dream bosses. So these inside charms are really important. For example, today in Sigman boss, if I would have had inside charms onto Ludovic, I could have gone um maybe like 10 or 15 billion damage higher. Moving on, Aara also is going to be very important um to get her charms. And the most important is going to be these blast charms because they give her attack power and they also give her ultimate power. The ultimate power is not as important for her, but the attack is going to increase her starting attack. That is going to increase the amount of stat steel that she can do to the enemy bosses and that is going to increase your overall attack buff value that she provides to your own allies. So, she would probably be my number three priority. Other than this, Pandora. Now, Pandora, he has on the sorcery charms because I think he went for them first. But the blast charms are the recommended for Pandora because they give not only ultimate power but also attack. Attack is going to increase her damage output by the most and ultimate power as well. Ultimate power is going to scale really well on her ultimate ability. It is going to increase her HP loss damage that she will deal to the boss each time she cast her ultimate by up to a bonus 20% every 0.5 second for a 5-second duration. So in total that's 20% 10 ticks of that over that 5-second duration. So 200% in total. So that is why getting blast charms will be really important for and the attack buff will be important. Now twins also are going to be very important and you want to get their sorcery charms. Now the thing about twins it's always the awkward thing unfortunately for these dream endless bosses when we get mythic plus charms. Some bosses sorcery charms and twins are going to be optimal and you're going to get a big score boost by running them. But they're going to be other bosses where you'll want to break the charm set or even downgrade sometimes to the red charms. However, definitely sorcery charms on twins are going to be important for um most of the bosses and that's why they are going to be a pretty high priority. Apart from this, I definitely think the two that he has gotten, Damon and Smokey, these are two major priorities. Now, he's went for the sorcery charms onto Damon, but like I've recommended in the past, I believe the best charms for Damon are going to be the um the mystic charms because these give him haste and skill power. Skill power is going to increase his attack buff he provides to an ally uh from his buddy Barry, his shield, and the haste is going to increase his school skill casting frequency, and that can allow him to proc more of his drain health damage. Like, this is a drain health damage skill, playtime plunder. giving him haste is going to allow him to cycle this faster. So, that is one option. Um, I definitely think it's better than sorcery charms. They are not the best for dream rom, but I definitely think that could be a way that who knows, ruthless charms might be good, blast charms could be good, but I'm probably going to go with the mystic charms. Um, because like I said, it does two things and one of them being the attack buff uh value by a pretty big a bonus 8% for four skill power. So, that is Damon. Smokey, you want to give him like always either sorcery charms or you want to give him the recovering charms. Anything that will give him skill power will be important. Uh because that is just going to increase the attack buff he can provide to his allies. If you take a look at his skill power here, the attack buff he provides to allies in his aroma in his aura is going to be increased by uh up to 4% if you give him the four skill power from those charms. That's why that is important. And of course, the other thing is when you give a hero mythic plus charms, not only are they going to get the set effect, they're also going to get their quality bonus. Um, and but more importantly, they're going to get more stats. Look at the raw stats you have here. 15.3% attack. If you compare it to legendary plus charm, a legendary plus charm will give 12% attack. So, you do just get that attack bonus by upgrading to mythic. And that is the other reason to be doing that. So, those are really the key dream realm heroes if we had to sum it up. However, there are going to be other ones. For example, of course, if you have Boran or Hurac, definitely these are going to be major priorities. So, um if you have Boran or Herok build, these are going to be even higher pri priorities than the other. And I'll have a column on the left with my in my mind what are going to be the priority order of all the heroes. So, insight onto barrel are going to be very important. They increase his damage by a high amount. And he's meta in like three to four of eight different dream bosses. if you have them, definitely get those inside charms. And for her is either Butcher or Balanced. Uh in Necro Draken, we've seen that butcher charms were the best for her. I don't know about the other bosses we're going to face. It could be that Butcher are the o overall optimal set. So, if you're going to craft right now, I would recommend Butcher first, but you might need balanced as well. There's sometimes some bosses where balance do better, some bosses where Butcher does better. I don't know. But butcher is doing overall a bit better than balance. So, I would probably recommend those onto Herac for right now. Ferstro will be important, but you don't need to complete the set. This is the thing about Ferstro is that he doesn't benefit that much even from a set effect. Like increasing his ultimate and skill power, it hardly increases his damage because his major source of damage is from the vicious sting. This is going to be HP per second damage. And this is not going to be affected by skill power. Skill power is going to raise the the basically HP percentage, but it will not raise his cap. His cap is always going to be 40% of FSO's attack. It cannot exceed that. And so his attack is actually the limiting factor. And so if you just want to increase his attack, you can do that through stats. So you just want to get of course all these upgraded charms, the mythic plus, but you don't have to complete any set effect. That is the thing about Festo. But sorcery would be optimal if you wanted to. Krueger, he's even gone for the Krueger charms. I wonder if he focused this or not. Um, and he went for sorcery charms to increase his damage. I do think in the past it has been sorcery pretty decent for Krueger. But I don't know if I would really recommend Krueger as one of those major priorities to focus and he also has phamore but in the past you have wanted the arcane charms onto phomore. So if you're going to focus anything on phamore it would probably be the arcane charms and he hasn't even gone for the Sinbad charms. That's interesting. But definitely gale charms on a Sinbad and Sinbad is the best for Lucia. Um, so getting the gale charms on Sinbad, those are going to be relatively important as well. Um, apart from this, we have uh Sonia not going to be a major. He has a Shakir and he's gotten the Shakir charms. And of course, if you're going to go for Shakira charms, you need to go for the mystic ones. You need to get the skill power because the skill power is going to apply to his Lupine's aura. And and actually Shakir is going to be a major priority cuz he's met for Noctturn Judicator. And at least from from what I remember, Noctturn adjudicator is yeah, one of the dream on bosses. And Shakira with that skill power is going to increase the amount of attack buff he provides to allies by this uh 4%. So per ally within this Lupine's aura is going to be for each four skill power that is going to be 4% bonus attack given to all allies within the aura. And like in the secure teams, you're stacking your allies like you know having like five six different allies in his aura. And then five or six times that 4% bonus you're getting is a big amount then and it's given to all of your allies within that aura. So Shakira is going to be very important. So like I think like my view obviously is very optimal in how he's been focusing charms. These are definitely the key charms to be focusing in that first week. Hugan if you're using him in any team. Then his charm set would be either blast charms or the mystic charms. Both are good for Hugan and have been good in the past. And I would probably say I would probably say the the mystic charms are good if you can keep the hero on his mechanized bond tile in the behind him. Blast charms are good if the hero is leaving the mechanized bond tile because basically the mystic charms are better for buffing up his mechanized bond buff value. And where is his rainer? His Rainineer does have the mythic charms, but he again he hasn't focused on getting a set because a set is not important. But getting this upgrade to mythic is going to be important because they will increase attack by 30%. From 25 to 30% defense penetration up from 25 to 30 and then also uh 18% if you do manage your sister defeat. So all of these are going to boost the value basically. Reineer is going to buff up the ally behind him. And that of course is important in these um top tier teams. So really yeah that is basically going to be the key terms you want to focus. I will have like a whole list on the side to kind of summarize it and put you in an order as well in what I would recommend. And then the other some heroes he has Tossi uh Siren. So Tossi is for AFK stages. I will mention this cuz blasttorms on a Tossi are very strong. They give her ultimate power. They give her attack. That is going to prolong the duration of her crowd control, her sleep, and also increase her damage output by a lot. So of course, Tossio really important because she's using a lot of AFK stages. So getting her blast charm is probably a major priority. But other than that, that is basically it. Those are all the key heroes you'll want to be focusing in that first week to even 10 days. And if you can get all this done, you're going to be in a really good position. So, I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Thank you for watching. That is going to be it for this one. I'll hopefully see you guys in the next video. And if you have any other tips about charm priority, feel free to share in the comment section down below. But I hope you guys enjoyed the video. I'll see you in the next one. If you're not already subscribed to our YouTube channel, please smash that subscribe button. Also, feel free to join my AFK Journey Discord server. There's a link to that in the description of this video. And finally, if you're thinking about making a purchase in AFK Journey, please use my affiliate link for the official Firelight store. There's a link to that in the description of this video and a pin comment. This is the best way you can support me at no extra cost to you. So, thanks for watching. I'll hopefully see you in the next video. And until then everyone, peace out for